Day 25 / 26 – New York
Posted on 1 Sep ’11	

We had been given strict instructions by our ‘host’ that we would be having breakfast with her at 8am. We got to the table where she served us lots of fruit and bread while she spoke. She was a nice lady, but seriously it was impossible to get a word in edgeways.She eventually took enough breath for us to interject that we had to leave, we packed up and got on the way to New York. The road between Philadelphia and New York was packed with toll roads – which proved very confusing. Probably the most confusing drive of our whole trip!We eventually made it in New York – Samantha and I jumped out the car and took the luggage in to the hotel while Sam and Becca went off on the impossible task of finding a parking space. 50 minutes later they returned. Crazy.

We headed out and walked toward the Empire State building, Time Square and Central Park. While we were in Time Square we were approached by a women hawking tickets to a comedy show that night – we were very skeptical it was a con, but quite fancied comedy that evening and it was only $10 each.We walked to central park and sat for a while before catching the subway back to the hotel. After resting for a while we went back out for a really nice pizza in a pretty fancy little resturant called Company.

When we were done we took a crazy taxi ride back up the Time Square and went in to the show (it wasn’t a con… sort of – she had lied about the caliber for comedians that were appearing!) The evening was good fun – some of the comedians were terrible, others were good. But yet again the cocktails were strong before long we were quite drunk – for some reason they charge the same for a bottle of beer as a premium cocktail.The next day we seperated to do our own things. Samantha and I took the subway down to Battery Park so Samatha could see the Statue of Liberty.

We then walked up past the 9/11 Memorial, through the World Financial Center and up towards Soho where we had read some of the best Cheesecake was made in a little place called Eileen’s Cheesecake. It was delicious!We carried on up into Greenwich Village, East Village and in to Gramacy. We walked along Madison Avenue and then up 5th Avenue all the way to the Rockafeller Center.We caught the subway back to the hotel to meet Sam and Becca before retreiving the car and heading for the airport. 

Traffic was even more insane in NY than we predicted due to a couple of incidents along the way. It took us nearly two hours to go 12 miles. We finally made it there and the epic journey was over…